[Docs Improvement] Live Share 0.4.0 docs update (#6694)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/apps-in-teams-meetings/teams-live-share-media-capabilities.md

};
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > While you can use the `EphemeralMediaSession` object to synchronize media manually, we generally recommend using the `MediaPlayerSynchronizer`. Depending on the player you use in your app, you might need to create a delegate shim to make your web player's interface match the [IMediaPlayer](/javascript/api/@microsoft/live-share-media/imediaplayer) interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> While you can use the `EphemeralMediaSession` object to synchronize media manually, it's generally recommend to use the `MediaPlayerSynchronizer`. Depending on the player you use in your app, you might need to create a delegate shim to make your web player's interface match the [IMediaPlayer](/javascript/api/@microsoft/live-share-media/imediaplayer) interface.
```

## Suspensions and wait points

> :::image type="content" source="../assets/images/teams-live-share/live-share-media-out-of-sync.png" alt-text="Suspension sync to presenter":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::image type="content" source="../assets/images/teams-live-share/live-share-media-out-of-sync.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows a suspension sync to the presenter.":::
```
